a small community of farmers pilot mech
suits to defend their land from an
invading swarm of insectoids which they
call dbs
[Music]
when the defence field fails dbs pour in
faster than they can be repelled
so the community heads for underground
shelters
all arms are called in and one neighbor
jake sacrifices
himself to kill a large portion of the
swarm
a giant insectoid breaks through but
with a well-aimed shot from a turret gun
one of the farmer's wives destroy it
come dawn
the barriers are back to normal and the
town has returned to a sense of safety
the camera zooms out to show that the
whole planet is populated by dbs
and the farmers are the invading force
having set up domed colonies across the
planet